fix(ruby): Add clarification for setting logger levels (#8800)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/ruby/common/configuration/options.mdx

`debug`

> : Activation of debugging mode. When enabled, SDK errors will be logged with backtrace. Default is `false`. Please use `config.logger.level` for more output; this is merely for attaching backtraces to the messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Activation of debugging mode. When enabled, SDK errors will be logged with backtrace. Default is `false`. Please use `config.logger.level` for more output; the `debug` option is merely for attaching backtraces to the messages.
```
I was somewhat unsure what the "this" is referring to here

`logger`

> : The logger used by Sentry. Default is `Rails.logger` in Rails, otherwise an instance of `Sentry::Logger`. Make sure to change the logger level if you need debug output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The logger used by Sentry. Default is `Rails.logger` in Rails, otherwise an instance of `Sentry::Logger`. Change the logger level if you need debug output.
```
The original is also fine by me, but I slightly prefer this more concise version
